sun
you can not know
apart from the chestnuts we all know
happens that we have the castanets of loss indicated are the flat salivary
of the Iberian pig
as we know it is an animal properly spain
that it was acorn fed only acorn or beef but also
you think
Ireland was more to place the castanets here in the net
we would place here
very close to the pasco company of the cheek that we all know
this piece
has been very unknown for a long time even for us
until the big chefs theaters have started requesting it
and what kind of cut can the castanet be
the reason the adt and guttural picchu is one of the new aids
percent normally
It is very unknown in the market, especially in the Madrid club
It's a product that, like bars, has a lot of fat that has to be
clean for women
once clean in that piece
It's a product
the very fine taste
that we continue
as if we had a very old
there was a texture similar to that of the kidney
percent in the Egulbati area
in Andalusia as always where the Iberian pig is used the most
well
they approach the grill they essentially open a little bit
well and they are done on the grill
it is like
a texture of sweetbread love
grilled text back and forth that is delicious with a good faith
the great chefs like that and that's why
constantly new dishes and dishes
then the forms are sought
a reply to a plate with a new product
cheap and dark in it simply great with a tumult used entered into
the kitchen
the Spanish and the outcome a dish with this
requires 6
no cooking expert
at home I recommend that the simplest thing in spite of yielding points citemos of
appointment with a good olive oil
and this afternoon